---
page_title: "Provider: RSC"
---

# RSC Provider
The RSC provider, formerly known as the Polaris provider, provides resources to interact with the Rubrik RSC platform.
Additional examples on how to use the provider are available in the
[terraform-provider-polaris-examples](https://github.com/rubrikinc/terraform-provider-polaris-examples) GitHub
repository.

~> Upgrading from v0.2.0 to v0.3.0 requires that the definition of certain resources are updated on disk. Please see the
upgrade guide for more information.

~> Upgrading from v0.5.0 to v0.6.0 requires that the definition of certain resources are updated on disk. Please see the
upgrade guide for more information.

~> Since v0.7.0 RSC authentication tokens are cached by default. This default behavior can be turned off by setting the
*RUBRIK_POLARIS_TOKEN_CACHE* environment variable to `FALSE`. Tokens are encrypted before being stored in the cache.

## Configuration
The provider supports both local user accounts and service accounts. For documentation on how to create either using RSC
see the [Rubrik Support Portal](http://support.rubrik.com).

### With Local User Account
First create a directory called `.rubrik` in your home directory. Next, create a file called `polaris-accounts.json` in
that directory. This JSON file holds one or more local user accounts:
```json
{
  "&lt;my-account&gt;": {
    "username": "&lt;my-username&gt;",
    "password": "&lt;my-password&gt;",
    "url": "&lt;my-rsc-url&gt;"
  }
}
```
Where *my-account* is an arbitrary name used to refer to the account when configuring the provider. *my-username* and
*my-password* are the username and password of the local user account. *my-rsc-url* is the URL of the RSC API. The
URL follows the pattern `https://{rsc-domain}.my.rubrik.com/api`. Which is the same URL as for accessing the RSC UI but
with `/api` added to the end.

To configure the provider to use a local user account specify the name as the provider credentials:
```terraform
provider "polaris" {
  credentials = "my-account"
}
```

### With Service Account
First download the service account credentials as a JSON file from the RSC User Management UI page. Next, configure the
provider to use the downloaded credentials file in the Terraform configuration:
```terraform
provider "polaris" {
  credentials = "/path/to/service-account-credentials.json"
}
```

### Environment Variables
The following environmental variables can be used to override the default behavior of the provider:
* `RUBRIK_POLARIS_LOGLEVEL` - Overrides the log level of the provider. Valid log levels are: `FATAL`, `ERROR`, `WARN`,
  `INFO`, `DEBUG`, `TRACE` and `OFF`. The default log level of the provider is `WARN`.
* `RUBRIK_POLARIS_TOKEN_CACHE` - Overrides whether the token cache should be used or not. By default, the token
  cache is used.
* `RUBRIK_POLARIS_TOKEN_CACHE_DIR` - Overrides the directory where cached authentication tokens are be stored. By
  default, the OS default directory for temporary files are used.
* `RUBRIK_POLARIS_TOKEN_CACHE_KEY` - Overrides the encryption key used to encrypt authentication tokens. The
  encryption key needs to be exactly 32 bytes long and base64 encoded. By default, the encryption key is derived from
  the local user account or the service account.


When using a local user account the following environmental variables can be used to override the default local user
account behavior:
* `RUBRIK_POLARIS_ACCOUNT_FILE` - Overrides the name and path of the file to read local user accounts from.
* `RUBRIK_POLARIS_ACCOUNT_NAME` - Overrides the name of the local user account given to the credentials parameter in the
  provider configuration.
* `RUBRIK_POLARIS_ACCOUNT_USERNAME` - Overrides the username of the local user account.
* `RUBRIK_POLARIS_ACCOUNT_PASSWORD` - Overrides the password of the local user account.
* `RUBRIK_POLARIS_ACCOUNT_URL` - Overrides the RSC API URL.

When using a service account the following environmental variables can be used to override the default service account
behavior:
* `RUBRIK_POLARIS_SERVICEACCOUNT_FILE` - Overrides the name and path of the service account credentials file.
* `RUBRIK_POLARIS_SERVICEACCOUNT_NAME` - Overrides the name of the service account.
* `RUBRIK_POLARIS_SERVICEACCOUNT_CLIENTID` - Overrides the client id of the service account.
* `RUBRIK_POLARIS_SERVICEACCOUNT_CLIENTSECRET` - Overrides the client secret of the service account.
* `RUBRIK_POLARIS_SERVICEACCOUNT_ACCESSTOKENURI` - Overrides the service account access token URI. When using a service
  account the RSC API URL is derived from this URI.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# With local user account
provider "polaris" {
  credentials = "my-account"
}

# With service account
provider "polaris" {
  credentials = "/path/to/service-account-credentials.json"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `credentials` (String) The local user account name or service account file to use when accessing RSC.
