---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "polaris_azure_subscription Resource - terraform-provider-polaris"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The polaris_azure_subscription resource adds an Azure subscription to RSC. When the first subscription for an Azure tenant is added, a corresponding tenant is created in RSC. The RSC tenant is automatically destroyed when it's last subscription is removed.
  Any combination of different RSC features can be enabled for a subscription:
    1. cloud_native_archival - Provides archival of data from data center workloads for disaster recovery      and long-term retention.
    2. cloud_native_archival_encryption - Allows cloud archival locations to be encrypted with customer      managed keys.
    3. cloud_native_protection - Provides protection for Azure virtual machines and managed disks through      the rules and policies of SLA Domains.
    4. exocompute - Provides snapshot indexing, file recovery, storage tiering, and application-consistent      protection of Azure objects.
    5. sql_db_protection - Provides centralized database backup management and recovery in an Azure SQL      Database deployment.
    6. sql_mi_protection - Provides centralized database backup management and recovery for an Azure SQL      Managed Instance deployment.
  -> Note: As of now, sql_db_protection and sql_mi_protection does not support specifying an Azure    resource group.
---

# polaris_azure_subscription (Resource)

The `polaris_azure_subscription` resource adds an Azure subscription to RSC. When the first subscription for an Azure tenant is added, a corresponding tenant is created in RSC. The RSC tenant is automatically destroyed when it's last subscription is removed.

Any combination of different RSC features can be enabled for a subscription:
  1. `cloud_native_archival` - Provides archival of data from data center workloads for disaster recovery      and long-term retention.
  2. `cloud_native_archival_encryption` - Allows cloud archival locations to be encrypted with customer      managed keys.
  3. `cloud_native_protection` - Provides protection for Azure virtual machines and managed disks through      the rules and policies of SLA Domains.
  4. `exocompute` - Provides snapshot indexing, file recovery, storage tiering, and application-consistent      protection of Azure objects.
  5. `sql_db_protection` - Provides centralized database backup management and recovery in an Azure SQL      Database deployment.
  6. `sql_mi_protection` - Provides centralized database backup management and recovery for an Azure SQL      Managed Instance deployment.

-> **Note:** As of now, `sql_db_protection` and `sql_mi_protection` does not support specifying an Azure    resource group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Enable the Cloud Native Protection feature for the EastUS2 region.
resource "polaris_azure_subscription" "default" {
  subscription_id = "31be1bb0-c76c-11eb-9217-afdffe83a002"
  tenant_domain   = "my-domain.onmicrosoft.com"

  cloud_native_protection {
    regions = [
      "eastus2",
    ]
    resource_group_name   = "my-resource-group"
    resource_group_region = "eastus2"
  }
}

# Enable the Cloud Native Protection feature for the EastUS2 and the WestUS2
# regions and the Exocompute feature for the EastUS2 region.
resource "polaris_azure_subscription" "default" {
  subscription_id = "31be1bb0-c76c-11eb-9217-afdffe83a002"
  tenant_domain   = "my-domain.onmicrosoft.com"

  cloud_native_protection {
    regions = [
      "eastus2",
      "westus2",
    ]
    resource_group_name   = "my-west-resource-group"
    resource_group_region = "westus2"
    resource_group_tags   = {
      environment = "production"
    }
  }

  exocompute {
    regions = [
      "eastus2",
    ]
    resource_group_name   = "my-east-resource-group"
    resource_group_region = "eastus2"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `subscription_id` (String) Azure subscription ID.
- `tenant_domain` (String) Azure tenant primary domain.

### Optional

- `cloud_native_archival` (Block List, Max: 1) Enable the RSC Cloud Native Archival feature for the Azure subscription. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cloud_native_archival))
- `cloud_native_archival_encryption` (Block List, Max: 1) Enable the RSC Cloud Native Archival Encryption feature for the Azure subscription. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cloud_native_archival_encryption))
- `cloud_native_protection` (Block List, Max: 1) Enable the RSC Cloud Native Protection feature for the Azure subscription. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--cloud_native_protection))
- `delete_snapshots_on_destroy` (Boolean) Should snapshots be deleted when the resource is destroyed. Default value is `false`.
- `exocompute` (Block List, Max: 1) Enable the RSC Exocompute feature for the Azure subscription. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--exocompute))
- `sql_db_protection` (Block List, Max: 1) Enable the RSC SQL DB Protection feature for the Azure subscription. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sql_db_protection))
- `sql_mi_protection` (Block List, Max: 1) Enable the RSC SQL MI Protection feature for the Azure subscription. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sql_mi_protection))
- `subscription_name` (String) Azure subscription name.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) RSC cloud account ID.

<a id="nestedblock--cloud_native_archival"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_native_archival`

Required:

- `regions` (Set of String) Azure regions to enable the Cloud Native Archival feature in. Should be specified in the standard Azure style, e.g. `eastus`.

Optional:

- `resource_group_name` (String) Name of the Azure resource group where RSC places all resources created by the feature.
- `resource_group_region` (String) Region of the Azure resource group.
- `resource_group_tags` (Map of String) Tags to add to the Azure resource group.

Read-Only:

- `status` (String) Status of the Cloud Native Archival feature.


<a id="nestedblock--cloud_native_archival_encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_native_archival_encryption`

Required:

- `regions` (Set of String) Azure regions to enable the Cloud Native Archival Encryption feature in. Should be specified in the standard Azure style, e.g. `eastus`.

Optional:

- `resource_group_name` (String) Name of the Azure resource group where RSC places all resources created by the feature.
- `resource_group_region` (String) Region of the Azure resource group.
- `resource_group_tags` (Map of String) Tags to add to the Azure resource group.

Read-Only:

- `status` (String) Status of the Cloud Native Archival Encryption feature.


<a id="nestedblock--cloud_native_protection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_native_protection`

Required:

- `regions` (Set of String) Azure regions that RSC will monitor for resources to protect according to SLA Domains. Should be specified in the standard Azure style, e.g. `eastus`.

Optional:

- `resource_group_name` (String) Name of the Azure resource group where RSC places all resources created by the feature.
- `resource_group_region` (String) Region of the Azure resource group.
- `resource_group_tags` (Map of String) Tags to add to the Azure resource group.

Read-Only:

- `status` (String) Status of the Cloud Native Protection feature.


<a id="nestedblock--exocompute"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exocompute`

Required:

- `regions` (Set of String) Azure regions to enable the Exocompute feature in. Should be specified in the standard Azure style, e.g. `eastus`.

Optional:

- `resource_group_name` (String) Name of the Azure resource group where RSC places all resources created by the feature.
- `resource_group_region` (String) Region of the Azure resource group.
- `resource_group_tags` (Map of String) Tags to add to the Azure resource group.

Read-Only:

- `status` (String) Status of the Exocompute feature.
<a id="nestedblock--sql_db_protection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sql_db_protection`

Required:

- `regions` (Set of String) Azure regions to enable the SQL DB Protection feature in. Should be specified in the standard Azure style, e.g. `eastus`.

Read-Only:

- `status` (String) Status of the SQL DB Protection feature.


<a id="nestedblock--sql_mi_protection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sql_mi_protection`

Required:

- `regions` (Set of String) Azure regions to enable the SQL MI Protection feature in. Should be specified in the standard Azure style, e.g. `eastus`.

Read-Only:

- `status` (String) Status of the SQL MI Protection feature.


